Hey, this is Billy with Pluralsight,
and we're looking at how to write effective automated tests with Spring.
In this course,
we have looked at how to write code and make it easier to test using
tools provided by Spring to make testing easier,
and some recently developed tools to help with integration testing.
In this module, we'll take a look at some tools,
both within the Spring ecosystem and beyond,
that can help make tests easier to write,
read, as well as produce more useful documentation.
Our agenda for this module will be using tests as documentation,
both how to write tests that other developers can easily read,
as well as how tests can be used to directly produce documentation for a system.
We will review acceptance testing using behavior-driven development,
or BDD, and how it can help both when developing an application,
as well as how it can document a system as we write it.
This will also include a demo on BDD in action.
We'll also have some demos of tools and practices for
writing descriptive and readable tests,
as well as demoing tools that can be used to directly generate documentation from the test we write.